README.md, before:

# ZoomTube

View our [Design Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12t7FDPDpTpHzrQBJ3T8qdmGKGrPi3lr2-UPmoc2ISHI/edit?usp=sharing).

## Overview

We are building a web application that facilitates the viewing of recorded
university lectures. With classes shifting towards a virtual environment,
lectures have become disengaging, especially for those watching asynchronously.
Our web application aims to mitigate this issue by providing a way for students
to interact with each other on a single platform.

Recorded university lectures are synchronized with their transcript and a
student discussion forum. Within this web application, students are able to
create and view timestamp annotations as a lecture is playing. These
annotations can include comments, questions, and replies. Students watching can
easily refer to relevant comments made by other students, add their own, and
reply to other students’ questions.

## Technology and APIs

This project uses the following tools:

- [YouTube Data API]() for generating transcripts
- [YouTube iFrame API]() for displaying video
- [AppEngine]() for deploying

*TODO: Add urls and more APIs.*

## Usage and Deployment

To run the project, you need to install `npm`, Maven, and the Google Cloud
Platform SDK.

You can run a local test server using

```
make run
```

To deploy, create an AppEngine project within the Google Cloud Platform
Console, and update the project id in `pom.xml`. Then, deploy using

```
make deploy
```

## Context

ZoomTube was developed by Amy (@amuamushu), Jay (@jaysaleh), and Nathan (@n-wach)
as a capstone project for Google's 2020 STEP internship program.

Commit message:

Add URLs and a few more APIs

README.md, after:

# ZoomTube

View our [Design Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12t7FDPDpTpHzrQBJ3T8qdmGKGrPi3lr2-UPmoc2ISHI/edit?usp=sharing).

## Overview

We are building a web application that facilitates the viewing of recorded
university lectures. With classes shifting towards a virtual environment,
lectures have become disengaging, especially for those watching asynchronously.
Our web application aims to mitigate this issue by providing a way for students
to interact with each other on a single platform.

Recorded university lectures are synchronized with their transcript and a
student discussion forum. Within this web application, students are able to
create and view timestamp annotations as a lecture is playing. These
annotations can include comments, questions, and replies. Students watching can
easily refer to relevant comments made by other students, add their own, and
reply to other students’ questions.

## Technology and APIs

This project uses the following tools:

- [AppEngine on Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/appengine) for deploying
- [Java Servlets](https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/5/tutorial/doc/bnafe.html) for back-end
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) for front-end
- [YouTube Data API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3) for generating transcripts
- [YouTube iFrame API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference) for displaying video
- [Perspective API](https://www.perspectiveapi.com/) for automatic discussion moderation

## Usage and Deployment

To run the project, you need to install `npm`, Maven, and the Google Cloud
Platform SDK.

You can run a local test server using

```
make run
```

To deploy, create an AppEngine project within the Google Cloud Platform
Console, and update the project id in `pom.xml`. Then, deploy using

```
make deploy
```

## Context

ZoomTube was developed by
Amy ([@amuamushu](https://github.com/amuamushu)),
Jay ([@jaysaleh](https://github.com/jaysaleh)), and
Nathan ([@n-wach](https://github.com/n-wach)) as a capstone project for Google's
2020 STEP internship program.
